The get trap is a very useful trap but you also get other traps for other operations people might perform
on objects and again, attached to the last lecture, you find a link to MDN where you find all available
traps.
Now one other trap that can often be useful is the set trap, the set trap allows to step in when users
try to set a value for a given property.
So here again we could register a method or we would have to write this as a method and we get the object
for which this was tried,
so the wrapped object in the end, the property name users try to set and the new value users try to assign
to that property and then you could use this to validate all incoming values, to lock down access entirely
by not doing anything in here or just simply forward that
and you do indeed set the property name on the object to add a new value,
this would be a set trap which basically does the same thing you would do by default.
Now if I try to set a rating here for example to 5, this would just work, if I save and I reload,
you see I print 5 here for my rating because I just forward the set request. On the other hand I could
check that for example if people try to set the rating,
so if the property that the user tries to set here is rating, I just return and I don't do anything and
I only proceed and do set the value for other property names.
So now for example when I tried to set rating to 5 here, you will see that when I print it down there,
it is actually not found because it was not set because in my set trap, I actually block access and I
return so that this line does not execute
if the property name which users try to set was rating. So you can use this to block access, to do any
other logic,
you could also send data to your own analytics server, sending data to register any settings to any properties
in your object,
you're totally free to execute whatever you want in these traps.
Now also be aware of the difference to getters and setters,
you learned about getters and setters earlier. Getters and setters
were always focused on one specific property,
you added a getter with a certain name and a setter with a certain name.
These traps however are flexible,
they're not bound to a specific property name,
they kick in whenever you set a value to any property or whenever you try to get the value of any property.
So they're way more generic and flexible and you as a programmer therefore have full control over how
you want to allow access to properties of the object
you might be exposing to your colleagues, to yourself or to consumers of your library.